Well, good evening family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We're going to pray and go over some of the things that have happened in the news in the last 48 hours or so.
It's been a good weekend.
I pray you've had a wonderful weekend.
The weather's been nice.
We've gotten some rain, and so, giving Jesus all the glory for the rain.
Isn't it wonderful?
Things start to get really green whenever the rain comes.
I love it.
The flowers, everything—the animals love it.
Everything gets happy for the rain.
Father, we thank you for all the rain that we've had.
Thank you for all the rain we have in the forecast this week.
We're so grateful for all the rain that you've given us.
And I thank you that it's going to rain from sea to shining sea.
We call in the rain.
We thank you, Lord, that the drought is broken in the name of Jesus.
We call it in again this week already; we call it in from the north, the south, east, and the west.
We thank you, Lord, that the rain is coming on the jet stream as the low-pressure system is bringing it forth.
But not only that, Father, we thank you, Lord, that it stalls out and just keeps dumping on our area.
I thank you, Lord, that we would have enough to fill up our lakes, our ponds, our streams, our rivers, and Father, our reservoirs.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we have at least five inches this week in Jesus' name to get out of the deficit.
Everybody say amen on that.
You agree for your area because you don't just stop whenever you just get a little bit.
That's the beginning; whenever you make it a greasy spot, you keep praying and calling the rain in in the spring.
Well, Brandon, isn't it supposed to rain in the spring?
Yes, but we had a major drought and we have to catch up.
And so, for those of you who are having a lot of rain, don't take it for granted because fires are terrible when everything's burning up and you go, 'Man, we've got to have rain quick.
' All right.
So, okay, we have a lot of news here, Braden.
This is where I'm at with...
that's the chat.
I don't want to see it.
It moves in my eye whenever I see all those people talking.
I want to say this.
Oh, so we see the Sooners come out.
Do you remember when I told you Japan will be the Sooner concerning crypto?
Japan, South Korea—I said they will be the ones that implement things before America.
And you'll start to see Japan implement the crypto laws and really try to go after it like America will in the days ahead.
But I called them the Sooners.
And I said, 'I saw the Boomer Schooner wagon.
' If you're familiar with OU college football, they have a Schooner wagon.
Well, every time they make a touchdown, they run out that wagon and celebrate the touchdown.
And I said, 'This is what you're about to see.
' I said, 'I saw Sooners coming across Japan and South Korea in the days ahead.
' So Braden said, 'Daddy, the word is coming to pass.
' Do you see it?
Yeah.
Is something wrong?
Right.
Okay.
See this article right here?
I don't know—some of this stuff, you have to be careful.
There are a lot of scammers, but this is a good one.
Braden says, 'Okay, Japan officially approves bill to recognize cryptocurrency as a financial asset.
' The Sooners.
Ain't that neat?
I thought that was so cool.
I said, 'Look, Lord, it's happening.
' Just like you said, Japan is announcing their recognition of cryptocurrency.
The Sooners are at work.
They're sending out the wagon.
Here we go.
Then we have the little gray-headed guy saying about America and Coinbase coming out and saying it's time to get it done.
Do you have that?
No.
Oh, you don't?
Okay.
Do you have anything about...
well, I thought that's what we were talking about.
I'm sorry.
I've been exercising.
I've been out trying to do walks.
So, I haven't had time to talk to Braden before it got dark because I'm trying to get this weight down as quickly as possible.
I've gotten 25 going on 30 lbs off and I'm giving God all the glory for it.
You know, the older I get, it seems...
when I was in my 20s, it fell off a lot faster, but now I have to work harder, it seems.
But that's all right.
We're going to get it off.
And I told Diana, I said, 'You know, just watching your calories and exercising.
' I've been walking, taking walks, and it's fun, I guess.
Woohoo!
But Paisley likes it.
All right, here is the guy that's over Coinbase.
We agree.
So Scott—this SEC Scott—he said they want to get the Clarity Act done.
Basically, he's making an announcement saying, 'We've got to get this Clarity Act done.
You all have to stop delaying.
' And then the guy that's over Coinbase is saying, 'We agree.
We agree it's time to pass the Clarity Act.
' So the Sooner is before this.
The Treasury Secretary...
Congress has spent the better part of half a decade trying to pass a framework to onshore the future of finance.
And so I said, 'What are we going to see in the days ahead?
A Clarity Act.
' That's what we're going to pray about.
We keep praying about it and I said I saw the boys—Donald Trump's sons—with the coins and they were dancing and they were going into the new building.
They had a big building and I said I saw the building start growing and it doubled the building that they had.
So when you're looking into a vision, I don't try to add to or take away from anything, but what is it talking about?
Was that building their real estate empire?
I tried to figure out what the Lord's trying to say without being flaky about it.
But when I saw that building standing there and it was all the Trump letters, and then I saw this new tower start to grow and it had digital all in it, and it started to make the real estate building where they are at now look really small compared to what they're about to do.
And Barron came on the scene.
Now I don't know how far Barron has left school, if he's going to college or whatever, but I'm sure he is.
And if he's getting a Master's or whatever, who knows?
But I know that I saw Barron come into the building and all of a sudden Barron made the whole building start having digital writing on it.
And I saw Eric leading them in.
But Barron was the mastermind.
His mind was the one that was running this thing more.
Eric went and then all of a sudden the building started to come alive.
If everybody remembers that vision that I had about a week ago, I just get excited about it when they start talking this stuff because I'm believing God for a financial turnaround for the body of Christ, for the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous.
And I believe in the name of Jesus, we're going to see it sooner than later.
I keep standing on it.
I'm not letting it go.
As we hear everybody talk about the markets crashing and things looking bad—'Oh no, the sky is falling, Chicken Little'—I believe that as for me and my house, we're going to be blessed and we're going to keep standing, regardless if the Great Depression is going all around us and we have a major 1929-style crash.
I remember a preacher talking and he said, 'During the Great Depression, my mom and daddy never went without anything.
' He said, 'They always tithed.
They always gave.
They always sowed to the church.
And God always took care of them during the Great Depression.
They never lacked anything.
They always made their house payment.
They always had food on the table for us kids.
They always had all this.
' And he was talking about how God always provided even in the Great Depression.
Now, if you're talking about my granny who was 106 when she went home to be with the Lord, they struggled.
They didn't believe in tithing.
They didn't believe in giving.
I don't even think they were really good Baptists.
They were Baptist, but I don't even think they were really good Baptists.
They were just kind of lukewarm Baptists even at that.
She said, "Brendon, we had to eat black crow, you know, the big black crows flying around in the sky.
" She goes, "Daddy would go out there and shoot those black crows and we would eat crow pie, blackbird pie, black crow pie, and we would try to make it out of whatever we had to.
" Then she goes, "And if those became scarce because people were killing all the crows off, we started eating possum.
" She said, "We'd go down in the creek beds and look for possums and we'd start eating possum.
" I said, "Granny, what did possum taste like?
" She said, "It tastes like gristly, really fatty.
It was real oily because the possum was real greasy.
" She said, "We used to try to fry it because we were starving.
" She goes, "And I'll never forget getting those flour sacks from the feed store and Mama couldn't give us good clothes and we were growing as kids, so she would always make us feed store sack clothes.
" Even up until Granny went home to be with the Lord at 106, she would always go out in the ditch and find stuff to eat.
She'd go out there and all kinds of poke greens and lamb's quarter, whatever she could find.
She'd go out there and start digging in the yard and pull it up by the roots and she would cook it and eat it, and it stunk so bad.
But she was healthy.
She lived to be 106 years old.
The only reason she went home was she fell and hurt her hip and they were going to put her in the nursing home and she willed herself to death.
She said, "I'm not going to the nursing home.
" She gave up the ghost right there on the bed because she was determined not to go to the nursing home.
She did not want to go or she'd probably still be here.
She is a fighter.
She wanted to live.
But she didn't want to go to the nursing home and she was alive.
She wanted to take care of herself.
Even until then, to make a long story short, she took sponge baths.
Didn't have to; had money, but she wouldn't even take a bath in the shower.
She would fill a pan up full of water and dip the sponge and take a sponge bath and wash her hair because she was so scared of not having, and she saved foil.
She saved everything.
But my point is that generation knew how to live off the land.
They had some grit.
Granny and them had some grit.
She made the best buttermilk biscuits I ever had in my life.
But I'm going to tell you that 10-year window for the Great Depression affected her for the rest of her life for decades to come.
That financial lack that hit America shook her for decades and decades.
And that was when she was just a young girl.
That tells you how we're so blessed; our generation is so blessed.
We've never tasted that kind of stuff.
That was only 100 years ago.
1929 will be 100 years in the next couple of years.
I'm not trying to say all that to freak you out.
I've seen it again and again.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
If we are the body of Christ, we must learn how to give.
We must learn how to trust God for a great shaking to awaken.
Do I believe we're going to see 1929?
I pray with all my heart we don't.
But history seems to repeat itself.
People are asleep.
What is the mechanism to the revival?
What brings what we're looking for?
What is the first domino?
It seems that America is stiff-necked and God's going to get their attention somehow.
I just think it's interesting to me.
As I pray into all this stuff and as we see this, what did I tell you we would see?
What the Holy Spirit warned us about President Trump, the war, and all the things.
I said when the tariffs don't go into effect and we don't pray the Supreme Court justice to coincide with him, we're in the valley of decision.
This was back in January.
I said this will be a major turning point of his presidency.
And I said the next phase will be war, war, war.
I said Trump will be known as a wartime president.
When he first started, I told you this over a year ago.
He came out saying, "I'm full of peace.
I want peace.
" But God will use him to shake the nations.
He will crack his whip and he will shake the nations in making America great again.
There will be a business side of him that we've never seen before.
All gloves are off.
Why?
Because he's not going to be president again.
We know we're out of time.
He knows where the American economy is.
But I said, "Watch what happens when he attacks Iran and attacks this area over there.
" It's going to happen.
Remember, I said, "He'll go after Venezuela and he'll get Venezuela and then he's going to go after Iran.
" And guess what?
It happened exactly the way the Lord said.
You can go look through all the videos of every time the Lord warned us about it.
And I said, "Then he will say, drill, baby, drill.
" And he did.
We will take Iran back to the Stone Age and they will.
When this takes place, I said people will start to buy oil from America and it will make America's economy booming again and it will look like everybody and their brother is coming to America to buy oil.
Does anybody remember this stuff that I'm telling you?
I said it will stimulate and there'll be oil all in the Gulf of America.
There'll be oil coming out of Houston.
I saw pipelines being opened up and they'll start to talk about reestablishing major pipelines and oil will flow from Canada.
I saw all this oil going on and a greater stronger economy and all these things.
Today, look what they say.
Look, the Strait has been closed again.
I don't know.
I think it was by America; we closed it.
You aren't going to go down that anymore because of the agreement.
The US military says it will start a blockade of all ships going to and from Iran on Monday.
No more oil for you.
What did I say?
What did the Lord say?
It's not me.
Even on my best day, I can't.
What did the Lord say?
The US military says it will start a blockade of all shipping going to and from Iran on Monday.
So, how long will that happen?
Well, where are they going to go?
Look, Braden, show them where they're going.
Where are all these boats headed?
Right here.
Look at the boats.
This is real time.
This isn't the Strait of Hormuz.
This is America.
Look, can you show them?
You're blocking it.
Look at all those boats coming out of there.
And then I said, "Watch what we do with Panama.
" Remember I said the Lord said we are going to establish ourselves very strong in the Panama Canal and we will have great oil coming out of Houston, out of this area, out of the Gulf.
And I said, "Watch drill, baby, drill.
" Look at all those boats.
They're all coming here to get our oil.
So let's look at what Trump says.
What does President Trump say?
Do you not have it?
I have it.
Okay, right here.
Massive numbers of completely empty oil tankers, some of the largest anywhere in the world, are headed right now to the United States to load up with the best and the sweetest oil and gas anywhere in the world.
We have more oil than the next two largest oil economies combined and higher quality.
We are waiting for you.
Quick turnaround, President Trump.
Right.
Look at that.
What did the Lord say was coming?
This right here, ladies and gentlemen.
This is what He told us was coming.
And I said it.
I said, 'Well, they will come in here for the sweetest oil.
' It's the sweetest oil.
The plan is in process.
I saw oil because of this go really high, and all of a sudden, everybody's buying it for a high dollar a barrel, and it stimulates the economy.
America goes—people don't realize that President Trump just pulled off the largest shift in global power ever.
Trump essentially burned down the competition and said America is open for business as oil tankers are coming in droves to America to fill up.
I said, 'What happens?
' The Lord told us the terrorists will fall.
We better pray.
That's the first plan.
But if it doesn't work, Plan B will be the oil.
And guess what happened?
Exactly what the Lord said right here.
But what was it the Lord told us to watch out for now?
Attacks on our oil facilities.
I saw Houston, I saw Louisiana, I saw our major oil refinery in Tuttle, Oklahoma.
And the Lord said, 'Do you see these men in their houses?
Do you see the blueprints upon their walls?
They have a plan to disrupt your oil facilities to retaliate for what's happening to their economy and your economy.
And they are going to try to disrupt by blowing up these things with their homemade rocket launchers.
' Do you all remember that last week?
We prayed over this a lot.
But I told you it was coming, what the Lord showed us.
And I saw them casing out the facilities on boats because they couldn't get close to them and they had to use our rivers.
They were pretending to be fishing and they were looking at our nuclear facilities, our nuclear plants, our electric grid, and they were looking at our water plants.
And the Lord said they will try to disrupt you in the days ahead with major electric disruptions, some of which will last up to three weeks and longer in some major cities, and people will be in the hospital suffering; it will be very hot.
I said it was hot outside and it was so miserable in the summer and people die of heat stroke.
Does anybody remember that?
I've said this over a course of time.
The Lord keeps telling us and telling us.
Why?
Because we can stop it.
Because I believe with all my heart God's brought up prayer generals in this end-time army.
Now, the Muslim people, He loves them, but they don't serve Him and He doesn't have a covenant with them.
He has a covenant with you.
He has a covenant with me.
And a God that will always recognize His covenant will take care of His people.
Now, you want to spit in His face and say, 'Allah is king and Allah is God and we want the virgins and we're going to blow you up infidels and we're going to kill the Jews.
' Guess what?
God isn't on their side.
God's on the side of the believing believer that understands that Jesus Christ is Lord and He dwells in our hearts richly by faith.
And He will uphold His covenant with us.
Now, I know I'm a covenant man, and my wife's a covenant woman.
We believe in Jesus Christ that He will provide for us.
He said—the Bible says—'I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
' Are you one of those?
I have to ask you again, are you one of those?
Do you believe that God will provide for you in the midst of the drought, in the midst of the desert?
Will you be the one that He brings the raven to take care of just like He did in the Bible?
I believe it.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
I have had a lot and I've had little, but I'm going to tell you, God has been faithful on every single side.
He has been faithful every single time.
So, what are we going to do?
We're going to pray that the FBI, Homeland Security, our CIA, and our Secret Service will all find the people who would try to do this in America.
Why?
I believe we have a covenant there.
If it's not for the people who are blaspheming the Lord and saying we're not for it, like some of the far-leftists, at least we have a remnant of people that know how to pray up in here and say, 'No, as for me and mine, we're serving you, Lord, and if you don't take care of them, you're going to take care of me.
And the overflow of you taking care of me is going to rain down on them, too.
' Do you believe it?
Because God's going to take care of you.
I believe it.
Do you believe He's going to take care of you?
You have to believe it for yourself, too.
No matter what we see around us in these last days, no matter what kind of plagues, no matter what kind of storms we see, God is going to take care of me.
And if the death angel could pass by the children of Israel's house whenever they were going from the Pharaoh and all that was going on with him and they put blood on their doors—I put the anointing oil upon my door just like they did, and this represents the blood of the Lamb—if the plague and the death angel passed by their house, how much more will He do it for you?
We have a better covenant.
We have the covenant from Jesus's blood.
He took it all for us.
He suffered and died for us.
And guess what?
I'm a joint heir with Jesus Christ now just because of what He did for me.
And you are too.
He's no respecter of persons.
And those that call upon the name of the Lord will be saved.
And I believe what a time to show that Jesus Christ is Lord in our lives even more so.
And we're the salty ones.
People go, 'Man, what is it about you that you're not freaked out right now?
' Why?
Because I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and He dwells on the inside of me richly by faith.
And I believe that as He is, so am I in this world.
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
And if you believe that, He will do the same for you as He will for Brandon Biggs.
But you've got to be a believing believer that's fully persuaded that what God has promised, He's able also to perform it.
And you've got to grab a hold of it now.
Believe now while things are good, instead of saying, 'Well, we'll believe that way when things are a little rough.
' No, I'm going to believe that way now.
I'm not going to wait until all heck is breaking loose all around me and go, 'Well, you know, it may be time to trust God.
' I'm going to trust Him in the good times and I'm going to trust Him in the bad times.
And I'm going to tell you, I know a shaking's coming to this nation.
What side of it are you on?
Where are you on?
Is it going to affect your house?
No.
Because I believe we are the children of the most high God and He loves me and He loves you.
Either you believe it or you don't.
People, I told you about spiritual cannibalism and the church eating each other up.
We've got to join together and stop the bickering back and forth—'well, I don't agree with this prophetic word, I don't agree with what you said over here, I don't believe the Mahdi is MBS, I totally believe it's this over here.
' We can agree to disagree, but we don't have to be spiritual cannibals and eat each other because we don't agree about it.
I'm not a Bible theologian, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm going to tell you that Brandon Biggs struggles reading this stuff right here, but I'm trying.
And I'm going to tell you this: even as a janitor, He took care of me then.
I may not be able to study the Bible like a Perry Stone or some of these others, but at least I'm doing what I can do and I'm doing my part.
And we're going to pray together.
We're going to lift up the name of Jesus together.
People would say, 'Do you agree with Israel?
And do you agree with all this because you have all this?
' What did I tell you was coming?
Do you know?
And when I say what did I tell you, it's an easier way; it's always the Lord.
I want to make sure you understand: it is not Brandon Biggs.
I don't know anything; it's the Lord.
When I heard great anti-Semitism will rise up in the media and in public and they will blame the Jews for the oil prices, the gas prices, food, everything.
And they will not be able to—the Orthodox Jews will not be able to go in public without being persecuted almost to death.
And I saw them having rocks and things thrown at them walking through Europe and America: Philadelphia, New York, and up north in Chicago Jewish communities.
They were not able to go outside in public.
When this happened, I saw them uprooting their families and moving back to Israel and they started taking over Gaza.
Does anybody remember that?
I said I saw a Trump golf course coming to Gaza.
I saw buildings being built on Gaza.
And I saw a new Gaza with oil in the Mediterranean right outside.
I saw oil, and there was a vast amount of oil right outside Gaza.
It was so much that it was billions and billions of dollars, and there was a certain oil company that would become very wealthy.
I said it's in the days ahead.
The other part I said: it's bringing the Jews home.
Anti-Semitism will bring all these Jews home.
I saw them going home.
And the Lord said this will fulfill prophecy.
The other part was I said, 'Watch after Iran gets their hand out of Babylon.
' Babylon will rise out of nowhere and you will see Saudi Arabia become one of the major leaders with MBS in the days ahead that will bring forth a two-state solution with Jared.
Does anybody remember what the Lord said on that?
Look at Saudi Arabia today.
Can you show them?
Saudi Arabia restores east-west oil pipeline bypassing the Strait, pumping 7 million barrels per day.
So I said Saudi Arabia comes out of nowhere and watch what happens.
And I say they will be friends with the people in Iraq and Iraq will rise up out of the ashes.
I said watch what happens because Iran was influencing Iraq and Iraq's oil was being partially controlled by America because of the war with taking out Saddam, and there will be a pumping of oil and Saudi Arabia will become very wealthy.
Now, I have said that I believe there's a great opportunity that that man could be the Antichrist.
Could I be wrong?
Yes.
But he looks very similar to this man.
When I went to tribulation in 2014, July 6th, in the middle of the night, the Lord took me and I saw—I said the man looks...
I've tried to find him time and time again...
the man that looks like the Antichrist.
And everybody said, 'What did he look like?
' I said the closest thing that I've ever seen was the man that looks like MBS, Muhammad bin Salman.
Now if it's not him, it's somebody who looks like him.
I said the Antichrist will look just like him.
So everybody has a different opinion and that's fine.
That's what's so amazing and how awesome it is to have freedom of speech and be able to say what you feel.
If you feel something different, that's fine.
But I'm going to tell you this: we cannot pit ourselves against each other and be spiritual cannibals against each other and be so mean about what we believe versus the other and downplay them and be mean like we're just eating people alive.
Listen, we're all supposed to be a family and work together and we've got to be stronger as a unit together as the body of Christ than we've ever been before because we're getting our tail ends whipped by the world if we don't.
We have to join together and pray because the enemy will keep us divided.
Remember when He said, 'I'm breaking dividing walls.
I'm taking down racism.
I'm taking down between: you're a black church, I'm a white church, you're an Asian church, I'm a Hispanic church.
' And we're all just kind of different; we don't want to be a part of each other's churches.
And the Lord said, 'I'm taking down the walls of segregation.
I'm bringing forth liberty, and you're going to work together as a body.
You're Baptist?
I don't care.
You're Catholic?
I'm your friend.
Let's go.
Let's pray.
' And that's what the Lord said: 'Brandon, this is all hands on deck.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' What part of that do we not understand?
That there's so many people going to hell, but there's not very many people bringing them in.
And yet we're all against each other.
It seems to be that way a lot.
We have groups of people that say, 'Well, we don't want to fellowship with them.
We don't do this over here.
This church is small; it stays small.
This is it.
' And it's interesting.
That's what I'm just trying to tell y'all because I'm seeing a major revival come to Cuba.
I talked to a major pastor in Miami.
Amazing, huge church, huge what God is going to do and what the Lord told me is coming for that church.
And a major revival.
And when I called it out, he said, 'I have meetings with certain people that you brought up in prayer.
' And I can't go into it because I didn't have permission to say anything, but I'm telling you: Cuba will be saved.
Cuba is going to have a major revival.
Venezuela is going to have a major revival.
Colombia, Brazil, Argentina—you better get ready.
He said, 'Don't wait and just rely on the anointing that's on your life when you go.
You must take prayer warriors around you because you will be more effective.
' And that's why I brought up this book.
And people say, 'Well, it's AI written and all this stuff.
' I don't know about all that.
All I know is it blessed me.
And talking about Charles Finney needing prayer warriors.
And everybody on this channel, if you're here, I know you're a prayer warrior.
And God's going to use you for the end-time army.
And if we are the ones picking the rocks out of the beds, then by all means, let's get them picked out of there so that the harvest can come forth.
Some plant, some water, and God always brings forth the increase.
What part are you?
Are you a planter?
Are you a waterer?
But I know that He's going to bring forth the increase, but I just want to be in the first two.
And He may use you to help bring in the increase, but either way, just be a willing vessel that's able to eat the good of the land and say, 'Listen, I want to be here and I want to be used.
I don't care if I'm a janitor, if I'm cleaning glass, or if I'm working in the nursery or as a parking lot attendant.
I just want to be a part of the greatest move of God that this world has ever seen before.
' Either you believe it and you believe He's coming or you don't.
And there's a lot of people that say, 'I don't want anything to do with Brandon Biggs's ministry because you believe that Jesus Christ is coming soon.
' Well, if you don't, that's fine.
You believe He's coming 100 years from now?
Fine, do that—that's on you.
But I choose to believe He's coming sooner than later.
We can agree to disagree.
You think we have 50 years?
That's fine.
But I have an urgency in my heart.
There's so many people like, 'Well, Brandon, I can't listen to you,' including big ministers.
He's false.
He's saying, 'Jesus is coming.
' I believe in my heart.
Did you know that prophet so-and-so said this?
Did you know that prophet so-and-so?
I don't listen to prophet so-and-so; I listen to Jesus.
I don't care what prophet so-and-so said.
I'm not accountable for what prophet so-and-so said; I'm only accountable for what He's told me.
So, I don't care what this one said over there and that one said over there.
You know what the Bible says also: that there will be many false prophets in the last days.
So be careful who you're listening to.
If you want to say I'm a false prophet because I'm telling people to get saved and Jesus is coming...
and the Lord said, 'Be a John the Baptist in these last days.
Tell people I'm coming, Brandon.
They're running out of time.
' And if I tell you that with all my heart and you call me a false prophet and Jesus shows up, I'm going to sit there and go, 'Well, at least we tried.
' My heart is the harvest.
My heart is to bring as many of you all with me as I can to tell you that Jesus Christ loves you and He has a plan for your life.
And it's to bless you and not to harm you, so that you will have a great and expected end, that you have healing in your body if you would receive it.
That Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and He is a healer and He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
So call me a false prophet, call me somebody that's off, but I'm going to tell you that Jesus loves you and I pray for you and I pray you know Him.
Nothing else matters other than: do you have a relationship with Jesus Christ?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
All the things that are happening all around us and the acceleration of what the Lord told us was coming—it's happening.
So if this is happening, is your heart ready for the coming of the Lord?
He said, 'I'm coming.
I'm standing at the door.
' This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Brandon, the sun is setting on this timeframe.
Whether that's five years...
I had one man ask, 'Well, can you tell me if it's 3 years, 5 years, or 10 years?
What do you believe?
' I don't know.
No man knows the day or the hour the Son of Man comes.
That's what the Bible says.
But we know the signs as we watch the fig tree.
We know the signs as we watch the things that are happening all around us.
And I'm going to tell you, as a frog in the pot, many of you are being boiled and you don't even realize it yet.
You have your head in the sand and you see the birthing pains all around you with the weather and the major droughts and the wars and the rumors of wars and the pestilence and the plagues that are coming and the five shakings the Lord told us was coming with our president.
He said, 'President Trump won't make this if you don't pray for him.
He won't make it until January 2029.
He'll never make it.
Why?
Because he can't do this alone.
He must have us pray for him.
' Do you believe he's a puppet to Israel?
There are so many people saying, 'Israel and Benjamin is a bad man.
' Listen, I told you I don't always agree with the Israeli government, but I always stand with Israel because Israel is forever.
Do I agree with the United States government?
Do I agree with everything President Trump says when he says bad words?
No.
But I pray for him with all my heart that God will give him a Road to Damascus experience and that it would shake him in the midnight hour and that he would have a glorious experience with my Heavenly Father.
Because the only thing that's going to save America is not President Trump; it is an awakening unto God.
I don't care if President Trump came out tomorrow and was speaking in tongues on camera and Paula White's up there praying in tongues next to him, and you got my other friends up there praying and you see Don up there busting out in tongues and everybody's shouting, 'Fire on you!
' and people are falling out all over the place—which I believe could happen—but even then, it will not save America.
The only thing that's going to save America is an awakening unto God and for God to pour out His Spirit upon this nation one more time, and the preachers preaching repentance and holiness back in the pulpits and telling the people that you must live right and act right and stop living a compromising life because they're going to hell.
And tell them the truth.
It's time to wake up.
It's time to tell the people that Jesus is coming and you must get your heart right.
But there's so many people that want to play pat-a-cake Christianity.
And if you don't say something certain right on social media, which is trash in the first place, they go, 'Well, you're anti-Semite!
You're this!
You're that!
' And I go, 'No, I'm not.
I love the Jews more than anybody.
I pray for them.
I pray for the people.
Just because I don't always agree with some of the government decisions, just like I don't agree with a lot of the things that we do, doesn't mean I'm anti-Semitism.
' You don't have to be mean to people you don't agree with.
You can be nice to folks.
Who are we always to be throwing rocks at folks?
Show love to folks, whatever tribe or tongue you are.
Let's just say that Jesus loves you and it's time to repent and turn to Him before it's too late.
I don't know, I just see so much hate.
There's so much hate in emails where people say, 'You said this, you said that.
' My goodness, anybody can twist anything you say.
And when I talk as much as I do for two and a half hours, I say a lot of stuff.
And you do that times five when I do these videos.
At the end of the week, I'm tired.
I have to have a couple days off just to refocus.
I don't want to miss Him in my own personal life, always trying to hear Him and put out what the Lord is saying for me to say to you so that you all don't miss it.
I don't want to miss it.
I have some big decisions to make, huge, more than I can ever convey on this platform or ever tell you what's going on in my personal life right now.
But it is what it is.
We count it all joy.
I was asking Him about what I told you last time about the greater glory and about plateauing in ministry.
I woke up one morning and I was sitting there and He said, 'I already told you in my Word.
How do you get the greater glory?
You've asked this in your heart and you even said it on your platform.
' He said, 'It's Refiner's Fire.
If you want to go to the greater glory, it comes through refining.
The reason plateaus happen and you're not going from glory to glory is because you've limited Me and how I'm able to refine you.
' I've had enough; I don't want any more refining.
He said, 'But Brandon, My heart is for you to go from glory to glory.
' He's changing me into His likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
He's changing you into His likeness and image to perfect in you the love of God shown to the world from glory to glory.
Many people, when they get to a certain level, like I saw with an old pastor—he wanted 10,000 members so bad, he had a goal of 10,000 members, and for the 13-plus years that we worked there, we never achieved it; we made it to 8,500.
We made it to 85.
Some Easter Sundays we would bust 15.
But his whole goal was to get to a certain amount.
It was his focus.
And the Lord started showing me.
He said, "If your focus is that, you're missing it.
Outward growth for man's approval—you're missing it.
Growth should always be to impact my kingdom, from glory to glory, for the souls, for healings, and demonstration.
But if it's ever just for ego—if it ever comes about just being for ego—I'll never allow it.
Ego is a destroyer.
" So many times I've—like even with this last blessed brother—he showed me his church this weekend.
He said, "I want you to come here and I'll help you get a home.
I'll do all these things.
" One of the largest churches in America offered me finances to bless my family, big money to help us.
And I was like, "This is God, Lord.
This is you.
It has to be you.
" But the Lord said to me, "Are you going to deliberately disobey what I've asked you to do?
" I said, "What do you mean?
Any blessings from you, right?
Any open door has to be from you.
" He said, "No, I told you to sit on the back row and pray at this little church.
" You know, I realize that maybe my character can't handle that yet.
Maybe my character can't handle a church with 40,000 or 50,000 people.
Maybe I can do this behind a camera because I don't see you face to face.
I don't know.
What is God protecting me from?
From myself.
I could go anywhere in any church because I've been offered it so many times, but every single time it's always to a little congregation with just several hundred people.
Sit on the back row.
Humble yourself.
And I think it's very interesting because the same said, "Don't forget the janitor.
I'll make you a household name throughout this for me, not for you.
I'll not share my glory with you at all, but you can speak for me.
And I allow you to give these words and they'll prove to be accurate.
But anytime you ever get a big head about it, it's taken that fast.
You're just a glove and the Holy Spirit fills the glove and he makes the glove operate.
You can do nothing apart from me.
The glove only has life when I put my hand in it.
You don't control the gift.
I do.
Don't ever forget that.
" And so many of you think, "Well, I'm going to go and do this.
I'm going to do that.
" Not without me.
As I sit and I look at my flowers, I realize...
I sit out and I just look at them and let the sun just hit my face.
I sit there and I realize in that stillness, Brandon probably doesn't have the character to handle that yet.
I'm not dead enough.
But he allowed me to do this.
And I don't ever want anything to jeopardize my relationship with him.
This is just a byproduct of something that I've spent years cultivating.
I've listened and I listen and I stay at his feet.
But if money, if fame, if all this can destroy me and take me to nothing and cost me my marriage, who cares?
If you can gain the whole world and lose your soul...
they may have the character to handle it because God gave it to them, but it doesn't mean you are.
It doesn't mean you're ready.
Maybe there's something in you the Lord sees, and he says, "You're not ready for that yet, but I'll allow you to be used at this level because I need you right now.
" I remember sitting out in a Homeland parking lot in Guthrie, Oklahoma—and it was before it was a Savers—and the Lord told me, he said, "I want to use you for the ministry, and you're going to bring healing to the nations like Oral Roberts, and all these things are going to happen with you.
" And I remember sitting there and I said, "Lord, if you're going to do it, then just do it.
I'm tired of waiting and hearing you tell me about that.
" And boy, I tell you what, that was a really stupid thing to say.
We get impatient and we want everything to be microwaved.
But to go from glory to glory takes character.
And it takes you being stripped away from your pride because he doesn't want to lose you—to gain the whole world and lose your soul.
So if God wants you just to pray on a YouTube channel of mine, thank you for being here.
Thank you.
For many hands make light work.
And I believe the best is yet to come for every single one of us.
And we have a part just like this guy praying for Finney—praying for the people down in Miami, praying for those that go and say, "We had 40,000 people, we had this, we had that.
" Praise God, man.
Obviously, if God thought I could handle it, he would give it to me.
But until then, "Obey me for what I've asked you to do.
" And sometimes you can have everything offered to you and everything under the sun being presented to you and the Lord says, "Don't touch it.
" Maybe he will tomorrow.
I don't know.
All I know is right now.
He said no.
And I get so disappointed.
I walk away angry about it sometimes.
I go, "Why me?
" kicking a rock like a little kid.
I get in the car.
I drive around for a little bit and pray.
Diana goes...
I told her today, I said, "Thank God you've put up with me all these years.
You've stood by my side even when I act like a little brat, cranky about something stupid.
I want to do this.
I want to do that.
" But I don't want to ever lose the ability to hear him like I do.
When he comes and visits...
he'll come and visit and he'll sit down and we'll talk, and the Holy Spirit is so real and the presence of the Lord fills my whole house.
And I'll be able to see over into the other side—angels in heaven and beautiful things.
But if you were to gain the whole world and lose that, who cares?
There's something that I...
this is worth more to me: to have a relationship with him and know what's coming and warn the people as much as I can.
The ones that will listen.
And live by myself—be by myself, you know, with hardly any friends or whatever—and just be following the Holy Ghost and just say, "Hey, at least I know that all my family—my mom, my dad, my brothers, my sisters—are all serving the Lord.
We all love the Lord.
We all are baptized in the Holy Ghost.
We pray in tongues, casting out devils.
" You have to believe, hey, that stands for a lot.
Regardless if your name is known throughout the whole world and you're having a huge auditorium full of people and everybody's clapping and saying whatever.
People's opinions change.
I've seen it on this internet and it is toxic.
Does that make sense what I'm trying to tell y'all?
I try to present my life and what I'm learning just by things that I see, because I see so much.
And I want you to really search your heart tonight and really know him.
And it's not in all the hype.
He's in that still small voice.
He's not in the lights.
He's not in the spotlight.
He's not in all the junk.
He's in that still small voice inside of you.
And when you get real—oh God—and you crucify yourself, crucify your flesh daily.
I die daily.
What is it that keeps you dead?
Don't resurrect the old man.
What keeps you dead?
So that you are crucified with Christ; nevertheless, Christ in me, the hope of glory.
I am so sold out to him that in these last days when he says, "Go and do this, do that," I want to be obedient.
Quickly obey.
Whatever he says for you to do, do it.
So if you're here tonight and you say, "Brandon, I just wish you could pray for me.
Could you pray for me?
I'm not right with the Lord.
You say all of these things and I feel inside of myself, man, I have so far to go.
" We all do.
We're all a work in progress.
None of us have perfected any of this.
But I'm going to tell you, if you're not even in the door yet, and you're standing on the outside looking in, it's time for you to give your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Before we take any further prayer or whatever, I want you to really become real with God right now and just say, "I don't know if I was to die tonight where I would spend eternity, Brandon.
" I really don't.
If you have any kind of question in your heart at all, why go any further until you know that if you died tonight, you'd know where you'll spend eternity?
I want to pray for you.
I want you to get real with yourself right now.
You could be on that fence.
You've been messing around, sleeping around.
You've been partying hard.
You've been drinking, acting stupid, doing things that you know you shouldn't be doing.
Your mom raised you differently, but your dad or whoever, or your grandma, you know what you're doing is wrong.
You've got that inward tugging.
The Holy Spirit's just screaming on the inside of you, 'You're going the wrong way.
' And yet you just keep driving as fast as you can down the highway, and he's saying, 'You're going the wrong way.
' Tonight's the night to stop the car and turn around.
Tonight's the night.
You say, 'I'm sold out.
I want to turn around.
I don't want to keep going down the wrong way.
' If I'm talking to you and you feel that stirring on the inside of you, I want you to say in the comment section right now, 'Jesus died for me publicly,' and I want you to make a public declaration to him: 'I want to be saved tonight.
Tonight's my night.
Brandon, would you please pray for me?
' Before we go any further with this prayer service that we're about to do, I want to ask you: Do you know my friend Jesus?
And more importantly, does he know you?
And if you don't know if he knows you, you say, 'Brandon, I don't know if he knows me,' let's write your name on that Lamb's Book of Life right now by confessing him before the angels, confessing him before man.
You say, 'Hey, I'm coming home tonight.
Tonight's my night.
I want to say a simple prayer for you, but you've got to be bold about it, and I want you to say it right now: I want to be saved.
' All right?
I'm going to say a simple prayer for you, and I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
Say it with all your heart.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me, make me clean tonight.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
Jesus, I repent of all my sins.
I repent of them all.
I shouldn't have been doing it.
I ask you to forgive me.
Forgive me, Lord.
You said to confess my sins, that you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And so I confess those sins before you right now.
Jesus, I thank you that from this day forward, I belong to you.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I dedicate my all, my heart, my everything to you.
Tonight's my night.
I want to be born again tonight.
I'll serve you with everything I have.
Thank you, Lord, that I am forgiven.
Thank you, Lord, that you are my Savior now and forever.
I believe with all my heart that you have forgiven me and that you are the Son of God.
Thank you, Lord, that today is a fresh, clean start.
I say it with all my heart.
I'm yours and you're mine, and I'll serve you from this day forward.
And if I were to die tonight, Lord, I know now where I'll go.
I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus, for dying for me.
Amen and amen.
' I believe that if you just said that simple prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ and he said, 'Behold, I make all things new tonight.
' Tonight's your fresh, clean start.
Tonight is a brand new start for you.
Now, what do you do?
Find a Bible-believing church.
That's where I would go—to a Bible-believing church, a non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there.
Get radical about your decision today.
Tell all your friends and family, 'I just accepted Jesus Christ.
He is my Lord and Savior, and you need to make him your Lord and Savior, too.
' And they may say, 'I don't want anything to do with that,' or whatever.
Hey, you know what?
That's okay.
I'll keep praying for you.
If they say, 'Come on, let's go party,' no, we're not going to go party.
'I'm going to go to church.
You want to come with me?
' 'No.
' 'Okay, well then suit yourself.
I'm going to church.
' And eventually, you'll find new friends or they'll come eventually and be a part of it.
But they're going to see that there's something different inside of you.
And that's Jesus.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost now.
Now, what you're going to do is read your Bible, pray, and go to that pastor and say, 'Listen, I need to be water baptized.
Will you help me?
' Get water baptized.
Get plugged in on Sundays, Wednesdays, whatever they've got going on.
Get excited about your decision tonight that you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
If you can't afford a Bible and you just gave your heart to the Lord and you say, 'Brandon, could you help me get a Bible?
' I will give you a Bible absolutely for free.
My wife and I will send it to you just to be a blessing.
You just email us in the description below.
If there's an email address there, say, 'Listen, I just got born again.
Can you help me get a Bible?
' We'll send you one, no questions asked.
We're not going to solicit you.
We just want to tell you: Welcome to the family.
Welcome home.
But what I will ask you to do is like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of this YouTube channel, and come here and pray with us every single time we're live.
We try to go live at least five times a week.
I just want to let you know we love you and we're excited you're here.
All 64 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome to the family.
All heaven is rejoicing.
The angels are rejoicing for all 64 of you.
And hell is saying, 'Man, we just lost a great sinner tonight.
' And they're very bummed out because they just lost a good sinner.
And I believe the best is yet to come for you.
Now, if you fall down and skin your knee through sin or whatever, you run to God; you don't run from him.
You run to him with all your heart, and your sin now is none of the devil's business.
Say, 'Listen, I messed up today, Lord.
' He's like, 'Yeah, I know it, but the moment you confess it, it's okay.
' Just keep going after him with your whole heart; he will change you from the inside out.
Now, a toddler falls and they mess up.
As you grow up to be an adult, you don't fall as much anymore because you're good at walking once you've got your walk down.
But for a baby, there's a lot of grace.
Look at what happens: a little toddler falls down, they just fall.
But even an adult, when they fall, God's not up there beating them with a stick saying, 'I'm mad at you.
' But you'll grow.
The word is going to change you from the inside out.
And those things that used to bother you are not going to bother you very much anymore.
Watch.
Because the Bible's going to change you and you're going to go, 'Man, I feel different.
I used to be so addicted to this stuff.
' And the more you change, the Bible says that you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
So tonight, you have to get that word down inside of your heart.
That's the only way you're going to stay free.
And the more you get it down inside of you, you're not going to be attracted to the things you used to be anymore.
You're going to go, 'You know what?
That doesn't even seem like—why did I used to do that?
' because the Bible's going to change you, the Word of God.
So, praise the Lord.
All right.
Who wants to take communion with me and pray now for all 64 of you?
That's wonderful, Braden.
A good start of the week.
Are you excited about this week?
This week is going to be interesting with Trump and all this going on with this Strait, isn't it?
I believe we can see the Clarity Act, and we need the Save America Act, too.
There are two bills that need to be passed ASAP.
Mike Lindell—look, you see Mike Lindell.
You want to play Mike Lindell?
We've been praying for Mike Lindell.
Push him over there.
You just had him on there, son.
Right there.
There's Mike.
We're praying for Mike.
Go ahead and play Mike.
This is who we've been praying for: Mike Lindell.
'Hello everybody.
Well, we're down here in Albert Lea, Minnesota this morning.
It's pretty early.
It's getting a little rain, and we're heading into an event here for a governor's race.
Then we're going to head from here to Minneapolis.
We're doing two in one day today, right in downtown Minneapolis.
It should be a great day.
' So we need to pray for him.
I like his little bus.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for godly people running for office.
We thank You, Lord, that You keep them strong, Father, that they'll not get weary in well-doing.
I thank You that they have plenty of funding, that his pillows are selling well, and his sheets, and all the stuff that he does.
Lord, I ask You, God, that You give him wisdom on how to win this race.
I pray for a turnaround in Minnesota.
Even as we talk tonight, as we pray tonight, we're calling for a landslide victory and for the righteous people to rise up in Minnesota and win by a landslide.
And it's not just about Minnesota, Lord.
There'll be many leaders rising up in the midterms.
And we give You glory, honor, and praise.
Father, now we lift up this body and we thank You, Lord, that You took it all for us.
Thank You, Lord, that we're crucified with Christ.
Nevertheless, it's Christ in me, the hope of glory.
I'm so thankful that You're in me.
You dwell in me.
You are my friend.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that by Your stripes we are healed.
You became sin, sickness, and poverty.
You did it all for the whole man, that we could be whole in every area of our life: spirit, soul, and body.
And we're so grateful, Father, in the name of Jesus for what You did for us.
And we take it in Jesus' name.
Lord, thank You for the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over this week.
We thank You, Lord, that this week will be victorious.
I thank You, Father, that we make much of that blood right now from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
The blood of Jesus covers us, the blood of Jesus covers me, the blood of Jesus covers my children—it covers us in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Father, that it never loses its power.
Great is Your faithfulness to me, Lord.
And I thank You, Father, that the best is yet to come.
And we're going from glory to glory.
And Father, we do it by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We put the devil under our feet.
And Father, we're so grateful for all that You've done for us in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over anything that You want to show me.
Now, if You have anything to show us, we yield to You, Holy Spirit.
And we, Father, jump right in that river.
And I thank You, Father, that we pray for that which is to come.
If You want to show us anything, fine.
If not, that's all right, too.
Father, we are just yielded over to You.
Thank You, Lord, that we have eyes to see and we hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over hexes and vexes and curses of witchcraft of all kinds.
And we say in the name of Jesus, it is under our feet.
We pray for those that curse us, we bless those that try to come against us.
We say in the name of Jesus, we bless you, and your words fall down and they will not prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Father, for it.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Amen and amen.
You believe that?
Take the blood.
Every time it's different.
That's why it's not religion; it's relationship.
People go, 'Whoa.
' If you knew how boring it would be if you said the same thing always to the Lord and you never had something fresh in there—it'd be just like a marriage.
If you always say the same thing to your wife every single morning, every single day, all the time, she'll go, 'Is there any kind of originality to you at all in our marriage?
' I'm sure after a while—after how many years—you're going to get bored with it, probably within a year.
Make things fresh.
Treat God like He's sitting right next to you.
He has an opinion about everything and He'll teach you about everything.
If you just get real with God, God will become real to you.
Stop trying to hide and be so religious.
Be just a friend.
When you're a friend of God, strip yourself down of every preconceived idea of what you think God should be.
Don't put God in a box anymore.
'This is the way He's going to bless me.
This is the way it's going to have to come.
' If it doesn't come through crypto, if it doesn't come through this, then I guess I'm just—no.
God has a million and one ways to bring it to you.
Just trust Him for each one of them.
You've got to stop putting God in a box.
'Well, if it doesn't happen this way, it doesn't happen through my job, I guess I'm not going to be blessed anymore.
If I don't get to be the vice president of McDonald's—if I work at McDonald's flipping burgers—if I'm not the vice president, I'm never going to be anything.
' What if God wants you to be in another store?
What if He has an idea for you?
Don't limit God in what you think you should be doing.
Let the Holy Spirit lead you and guide you, and He will shock and awe you.
And you're going to go, 'I never saw that.
' No eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor entered into the heart of man the things that God has in store for those that love Him.
It's over and above all that you dare ask or think.
He's exceedingly abundantly above all.
That's the way I look at it.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for President Trump tonight.
He needs some help.
Bless him, Father.
Make him a blessing to this nation.
I ask You, Father, I lift him up before You with all the pressure.
He's frustrated, I'm sure, with all that's going on, but I thank You that he has strength in his bones.
I pray for his blood.
I pray for his organs.
I pray for his heart.
I pray for his mind.
I thank You, Lord, that he does not have dementia—that, Father, his mind is sharp and alert and he will live long and finish strong.
And the deep state and the witchcraft that's coming against him, we come against it.
We thank You, Lord, that he is free, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around President Trump right now, and around his cabinet, around JD Vance, around Marco Rubio, around their wives, around their children.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they're in the right place at the right time.
Every planned assassination attempt, every plan against their life—Father, we thank You, Lord, that it will not bear fruit.
We plead the blood over their grandkids and their children, from Kai to Eric to Don Jr.
to Tiffany, to Barron, to Ivanka.
We plead the blood of Jesus over even the First Lady.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now.
Melania is covered.
Their marriage is good.
I bless them in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we tear down the walls that the devil's tried to build up, trying to bring division, strife, and every evil work into this.
For you said, 'A house divided against itself will not stand.
' And we thank you, Lord, that we will be a people not divided against themselves.
Father, we will be a people that are united as the United States of America, one nation under God.
We pray for this nation to rise up in the name of Jesus and proclaim again, as we dedicate ourselves to you one more time over these 250 years, that we are one nation under God.
We refuse to bow our knee to demonic principalities and powers.
Father, we refuse to bow our knee to the deep state and demonic thinking.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you give us a reprieve for a major revival in the name of Jesus.
From sea to shining sea, we call revival over this land.
I am in Europe, and I see three paths here.
Lord, which one do you want me to go down?
I see the number 25%.
I see green grass and the buildings flourishing.
There is an increase of 25%.
The pig is being walked; the buildings are transparent.
Remember this: the buildings are transparent.
The housing is going to be transparent, and I see it going up by 25%.
Trump is walking the pig.
You're going to see Trump walking a pig again.
Iran.
I yield to the Holy Spirit, to the anointing of the prophetic and the anointing of the watcher.
I see the crops.
I see the corn across the land, a great harvest.
Some of the dirt is not developed with growth, but some of the dirt has great corn cobs.
The corn kernels actually look like coins.
Every one of those little kernels is a coin.
I see the cornstalk glowing, and as the husk opens, the kernels are visible to the eye.
Each one is a dollar sign that looks like a coin.
They are going across the land, but there are not many of them; it will end abruptly.
I see Iran.
It will end abruptly.
It's not a retreat.
I see key leaders dying, another round of strategic takeouts.
I see Mossad; I see Israel.
I see the boats and I hear one more round.
These leaders will fall like dominoes.
I see them within pits with 'Rest in Peace' written in English on tombstones.
I hear of one more round of elimination and then an abrupt start.
I see the man with the gray hair, Reza Pahlavi, and a great revival will stir in the hearts of the people of Iran.
I see an uprising inside of the land.
It will not allow him to eliminate all the way because of Ezekiel 38 and 39.
They're in those bunkers in the mountain.
I see what seem to be falling stars; these are missiles.
I see a bombardment of missiles hitting Iran.
We pray for the troops and for the reconnaissance.
I pray a hedge around the Mossad sectors.
The blood over this.
I pray a hedge.
I see the waterway.
I see the Strait.
One more round then it's all over.
It's dealing with the IRGC and these troops on the ground who slaughtered the people.
A shaking of this.
It's already so crippled, but I see it crippled even more.
Father, we thank you that their water will remain okay.
I see the island.
You know the island.
I see all the oil burning in the East.
Lord, speed it up.
He wants you to deal with Cuba.
Speed it up, sir.
It is speeding up and it's going to eliminate them in a day.
It will never be all done because of Ezekiel 38 and 39, but it gives enough for revival, freedom, and a distraction.
I see the island burning.
I see oil tankers and the barrels burning.
This is a major deal.
I yield to the Holy Spirit and get deeper into that river.
I see why Alex Jones changed his mind because of General Flynn.
It's influence, conversations on a phone.
I see Alex Jones and General Flynn.
The difference in Alex's mouth is General Flynn; it's the root of all of them.
Turkey.
I warned you what the Lord warned us about Turkey.
I see a rising of Turkey.
You don't realize how close Ezekiel 38 and 39 are.
Watch the war rhetoric from Turkey.
They will beat their drums and control their waterways, trying to get global dominance with Russia.
The hook in the jaw.
Now, this is interesting.
As I hear 'hook in the jaw,' I see North Korea and Kim Jong Un.
Then all of a sudden, I saw gardens in America and food.
I see Kim sitting over to the side concerning Russia.
I see this space race and these new kinds of rocket packs.
It's a lot of chatter about Wormwood and what they see coming.
Everyone was focused on that rock that was traveling so fast and didn't burn up, which looked like an alien spaceship.
No, it is 3I/ATLAS.
Everyone is focused on 3I/ATLAS, but what they are focused on is not this; it's Wormwood.
You'll hear more about a space race because they're freaking out because of what they see coming in the sky.
It's massive.
And they see this thing coming and everybody knows it's getting closer, and the math is pointing that it truly will hit Earth.
The calculations have been recalculated until they've let AI do this.
I see quantum computing grabbing a hold of what is happening and doing the math, and it's even saying now it will hit Earth.
There's no denying it, and there's a panic—a stirring of a new space race.
How do we do this?
We know this is coming; there will be no avoiding it.
Read your Bible; it tells you exactly what's coming.
The Bible is a key, a major door.
Now I see discoveries coming up out of the earth, a shaking to awaken out of the Middle East.
You will see that will bring forth life to the Bible that has never been.
You will see life come to the Bible, life to people's curiosity—a stirring of the people.
Artifacts will be found and brought to light soon.
What was dark will come into the light soon.
Listen to me: I hear what was dark will come into the light, and it will happen soon.
A shaking in the Middle East, an unveiling of things that were hidden will now be revealed so that all will see.
That's what the Lord says.
A shaking in the Middle East.
And this will shake Africa, the Middle East, South America, and America.
Many people will say, "Oh, this is fake.
This is AI.
" But then they'll start to pass them around and they'll be on display at certain places.
I see them in England.
I see a great uprising in England—the Muslim community will be in an uprising.
There'll be people protesting outside of a museum in England.
I see signs; they're upset that these artifacts are there.
They call it heresy.
I see an uprising in England, so much so that they'll say, "We can't show it here anymore.
You won't be able to go in," because they're afraid of them destroying it.
This is going to shake and reface things.
I see tablets.
They look like tablets.
There are other golden things that look similar to a menorah.
It looks like Jewish artifacts, preserved.
I even see wood preserved.
It had no oxygen; it was like a sealed tomb.
On this stick, I see growth, almost like it was growing.
It was alive—the staff was growing.
It's a miracle; it still has life.
It's supernatural.
It will shake.
I see a stick, like a rod or a shepherd's stick, but it has life.
God says, "I'm a God of signs.
And I'm going to give you signs.
Signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
" Signs in the earth, signs in the heavens.
He's talking to me about right now: signs in the church, supernatural signs that He is who He is—the "I Am that I Am" sign.
It will be signs for the unbelieving to bring all that will have eyes to see, waking them up out of their slumber to shock and awe the nations.
Braden, you hear me?
But He said, "I'm coming for the Jewish people to shake them.
" When it comes to Ezekiel 38 and 39, a great shaking with the Jewish people for this generation.
Days of great fun have just begun, bringing in the harvest.
The vats will be full.
Remember the silos He showed us?
The silos will be full of the great harvest.
I have long patience for the harvest, and it is coming in.
Are you going to labor to bring them in?
Help me bring in the labor to get the harvest.
I see the silos full of the glory of the Lord on your churches.
I'm the God of the signs.
Days of great fun, refreshing times.
Church will be fun again, bringing the glory and the fun back.
You'll be so excited, waiting in anticipation for what God is about to do in the next service.
You'll go home, lay your head on the pillow, and think about what's going to happen tomorrow in church.
He's bringing fun back.
Watch what I'm about; the signs—days of great fun have just begun.
Expect, as you see the great things shaking around you and the people running to you, bring them to me.
Hurry!
They're coming, and they're going to see that God is still the God of signs.
There will be a shaking in the churches, and people will be excited to come into your church.
Give God a river to flow in.
Don't be a dam.
Let it flow, and you're going to see great signs and wonders.
We're going after the one, leaving the 99.
Watch what He does.
There will even be signs in Hawaii, in the volcanoes, throughout Asia, and throughout South America.
This is going to be church fun.
What is God going to do through you tonight?
I see youth rallies with white shirts again.
I see it with Erica.
There's a man coming up beside her.
I see the worship and the band.
He's turning beauty from ashes, restoring what was so hurtful, restoring pressure from the demonic.
Like static on a TV when the antenna is bad, there is so much around trying to derail what could be when money and fame get involved.
But when you strip it all away, there's just Jesus.
It's such a beautiful place when you just stand there and say, "Here I am.
" There ain't no performance here.
I'm just as I am.
It's going to be a great collaboration with these celebrities.
Watch what he does with this, praying over that film.
He said, "Don't let go of the film.
Don't let go of it.
" There's demonic spirits trying to attack him: confusion.
Mel Gibson.
The Lord said, "I told you to pray for Mel Gibson's mind concerning what he's doing to write this Bible.
" Not write the Bible, but writing this film to make it line up with the Bible.
The film—he's to write the film accurate.
Don't add to it.
To accurately write the film.
There would be demonic things trying to influence.
That's why we said this is so important because of what I want to do to bring this lost in, standing in the gap for Mel Gibson.
It's so important that God wants to use this film, but the enemy would try to derail it.
He said, "You think The Chosen was big?
You think the first one was big?
The Passion of the Christ was big.
" He said, "Watch what I do with this one.
Pray for this man.
The enemy is a loser.
He's a liar.
He's been defeated.
And we believe that God's going to get the glory in the name of Jesus.
" God's going to get the glory, Lord, to this.
I see the plan.
It's false religions, false things about the Bible.
It's false demonic things that are trying to attach it, to try to get him to go off in weird mysticism.
It's darkness.
I see this darkness trying to infiltrate the script.
Keep it pure.
I hear the Lord say, "Pray for his mind.
Pray for him.
Pray for the ones that are influencing him.
Pray for him to be strong.
" It's the same.
Remember whenever it was anti-Semitism at the movie and he got upset and he got pulled over by the policeman and there was an attack against all that going on with him back years ago.
It's the same kind, same devil.
He doesn't play fair and he comes after you in your weaknesses.
That's why the Lord said, "That's why I've asked you to undergird him and pray for him because these are strategic things.
" We prayed over the money for it, but this film is very strategic.
I remember I saw theaters full of people giving their hearts to Jesus Christ, in AMC and in their homes, just weeping before the Lord because of the tug on it.
The devil knows what's coming.
He wants to derail it.
I'm telling you, the greatest harvest of souls the world has ever seen, you're about to see.
The ones that have been riding the fence, they're coming to the Lord.
They're running to Jesus in the days ahead.
Watch what happens: a shaking to awaken.
I keep seeing this stick with growth on it.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
You're shaking the Catholic Church.
You're shaking the Vatican.
A major revival will begin in the Catholic faith.
Thank you, Lord, for the Baptist and the Methodist.
Shake, shake, shake!
I believe days of fun have just begun.
He's bringing the bride to his side.
It's time to wake up, Church.
It's going to be something like you haven't ever seen.
It's like when you go, "Man, I just want to stay here, but I got to go home and go to bed and wake up, but I cannot wait for tomorrow.
" You're going to work the next day excited because you're telling everybody about what's happening at church and the revival that's going.
"You've got to come!
We had church tonight.
We saw this, we saw that.
" I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow night, but I'm telling you, you've got to be there.
And that's the way it'll be spreading.
People will be excited to go back to church.
Making church fun, being excited for what God is going to do because he said it's the show.
What's going to happen at the show?
What are the signs and the wonders?
What's God going to do tonight?
He's the God of signs and wonders to this generation.
Isn't Jesus so wonderful?
I'm so excited.
A refreshing.
He said a refreshing, places of refreshing.
Be a forerunner to what's about to take place for a brand new race.
This is the end of the race.
This is it.
The great finale.
Oh, Father, we thank you for the finale.
I saved the best for last.
This is the finale.
Isn't that going to be so fun?
I'll get my tent out there.
You'll see me in the parking lot.
I ain't moving.
The glory will be in the parking lots.
The glory will be in the way there.
You're going to feel it.
The anticipation for what God is about to do.
Anticipation brings manifestation.
Thank you, Father.
True prophetic like you've not heard it in this generation.
True prophetic accuracy with the fivefold giftings working simultaneously all together like it's supposed to, like a well-oiled machine.
The fivefold giftings: the pastor, prophet, teacher, evangelist, and the apostles.
Watch them all.
It'll be like a well-oiled machine with the pastor, the teacher, and the evangelist all working—the prophetic working all together—and it's going to be like when you see an engine moving all well-oiled.
We've not seen the fivefold ministry like we're about to see it, everybody operating like they're supposed to.
Thank you, Lord.
That's going to be so fun.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
When the glory falls, when you feel that glory in those services, just taste and see that the Lord is good.
Father, I long for you to show up in the services.
I long, Father, for you to show up on this broadcast.
I'm so thankful, Father, that you would call us friends, that you would visit us, that there will be a generation that doesn't taste death, and I choose you.
You're the closers.
What will it be?
We push this over in prayer.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that the best is yet to come.
That we wake up and we taste and see that the Lord is good in these last days.
Are you so excited?
I'm excited.
I'm looking into it.
I can see the churches and they're full of people with lines out the doors.
They're lined up like they were at old Kathryn Kuhlman meetings.
They're waiting hours ahead of time.
Church starts at 7:00 and they lined up at 12:00.
I see lines.
Church starts at 7:00, you lined up at 1:00.
Praise the Lord.
Ain't that amazing?
With anticipation for what's about to happen.
Have an expectation that God's going to do something big in your life.
Thank you, Father.
It's almost midnight again.
I got to get on here earlier so we can pray longer.
I just have so much work to do all the time in the spirit, praying this in.
I just sit at your feet, Lord.
Thank you for days of refreshing.
There's so many people that just need a fresh drink, Lord.
That living water.
Days of refreshing.
We pray for those that despitefully use and come against us, Lord.
Father, they don't know what they're doing.
We forgive them.
Father, we take no account of suffered wrong.
We forgive them and we bless them in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, that we have been born for such a time as this, that we will finish this race and we will finish it strong.
brush arbor churches, old camp meetings.
Use us again, Lord.
Oh, Father, do it again.
Let what happened with John Whitefield and Charles Finney and all them be nothing compared to what we're about to see.
Thank you, Father.
Let it be in Europe, Canada, all throughout Australia, Asia, South America, and Africa.
Touch South Africa and Nigeria.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there are brothers and sisters on here right now just saying, 'I live in Africa.
God, use them.
' Touch their life with Holy Ghost and fire all throughout Africa, bringing in the greatest harvest of souls Africa has ever seen, even making Reinhard Bonnke and what happened in his ministry look like nothing.
Touch the people here today.
Touch them.
All the people in Africa, touch them, Father.
Put Holy Ghost and fire on them; stir them up.
Lord, I thank you, Father, all throughout that the witch doctors will all bow their knee to the Lord Jesus Christ and they'll get saved; that Father, there'll be no fear in them, that they'll be as bold as a lion knowing that Jesus Christ is with them.
And we give you praise and glory for it in Jesus' name.
Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord.
I feel we did quite a bit there.
We'll be back again tomorrow.
It's Monday and we keep praying.
I kept you two and a half hours tonight, but I'm so thankful for all of you that stayed with me and prayed and would be a part of this great move of God that we're seeing and continue to push into this.
I'm excited.
I've got to study the things I saw about this stick.
What in the world is this stick?
Some people are guessing what they think it is.
It had green growth coming out of the stick that came alive.
It was a rod.
It looked like a shepherd's staff that had green at the top of it, green leaves that looked like olive leaves coming up out of this stuff.
That's it right there.
Braden, what is this cartoon?
Yeah, Aaron's rod.
They're saying that's what they're guessing it is.
It looks like a green staff with leaves coming out of it.
But what's amazing was as they found this, it was all dead.
It was a dead-looking rod.
But when they brought it out, I saw green stuff coming out as it got in the sun again.
It got life again.
And it was a miracle.
People were talking about this rod, this piece of stick.
All of a sudden it was dead.
That was in a tomb, in a hidden place.
They brought it out and the moment it got sun on it, it started growing again.
Supernatural.
And that's why I was looking at it going, 'What am I seeing?
' But as it was doing so, it had little buds of flowers.
It was like buds, like something green, but it was alive, supernatural.
But I didn't know how, and it started to grow so much that it sprung up almost like a tree off of it over time.
And I was like, this is too strange what I'm seeing in this vision.
But then I saw tablets that were by it.
There were other artifacts that looked like the candles.
It looked like something like a menorah?
Yeah, exactly.
It looked like something that was Jewish: golden things and golden stuff—it was gold.
It had blue on it.
It looked like sapphires on this thing that I was looking at.
It looked like a blue and gold beautiful shiny, but it was tarnished.
It was gold and blue, but it was preserved from the air.
It was sealed, so it didn't rot or decay.
I'm just saying it looked perfect.
It looked beautiful.
And this is what I thought was interesting: I saw it being taken from museum to museum trying to show the people as an attraction.
And it was in England.
But as it was going, they had people that were Muslims that were mad about it and they were trying to discredit it, saying it was false and all these things.
And they were rioting outside because they wanted to stop it, but it was the anti-Christ anointing rising up trying to discredit and say it was AI people messing on the internet.
I'm talking about saying, 'Listen, we've got to destroy this.
' And there was rioting outside.
I could see it in England at a museum and it went to Washington DC.
It went to very important places for observation.
So people wanted to see this.
Very interesting to me.
I don't know, y'all.
To me, what I see, some of these things the Lord said this is happening soon.
It's about to happen.
He said, 'I'm the God of the signs.
' Think about what he said tonight.
Then he said, 'I'm going to show signs for the unbeliever to shake the world.
I'm going to shake the world.
' He said, 'I'm going to shake the world and the church.
' People are going to be excited to go back to church.
Church is going to be fun again.
Ain't that neat?
And I saw something else I thought was interesting.
I saw the thing in Iran would never be ended, that they're going to eliminate some more leaders, and I saw the gray-headed, Reza Pahlavi.
And I saw the troops on the ground.
I saw them.
I saw the people rising up against these people with guns and I saw a revival.
And the Lord said it's a window, but he said Ezekiel 38 and 39 is about to take place.
He said, 'Watch Turkey.
' I don't usually give a highlight of everything after I've seen it, but it was just stuff that really popped out to me tonight.
And he said, 'Watch Turkey, watch Russia, watch these things.
' Well, praise the Lord.
I just have an anticipation Jesus is coming.
Look, there it is right there, Braden.
Look, show them.
But I've got to go get a little something, some yogurt or something.
I haven't eaten much today, and I'm so thankful for every single one of you.
There's Dracula.
I told you he's going to be like a Dracula in the days ahead.
Watch what he does.
That's why I saw that man saying that—he'll have a Dracula cape on.
I know it's probably a metaphor; it's probably really not going to happen.
And then I've seen all this stuff about that other person.
I saw a lot concerning a lot of things I did not say, but I'm praying over it before I just blurt things out of my mouth.
I'm learning some things about certain people and it's nobody's business.
Look, that man right there.
Pray for him.
Reza Pahlavi.
Father, I thank you that he's protected.
They're not going to take him out.
That he'll lead for a season.
I saw him leading for a season.
All right.
Bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and thank you for your time tonight.
Have a good one.